Python Refactor / Improvements / Add Documentation (#13)
kestra-io/libs: python/README.md

    ```python
    from kestra import Flow
    flow = Flow(wait_for_completion=False)
    flow.execute('mynamespace', 'myflow', {'param': 'value'})
    ```

5. **Overwrite the username and password:**

    ```python
    from kestra import Flow
    flow = Flow()
    flow.user = 'admin'
    flow.password = 'admin'
    flow.execute('mynamespace', 'myflow')
    ```

6. **Set the hostname, username, and password using environment variables:**

    ```python
    from kestra import Flow
    import os

    os.environ["KESTRA_HOSTNAME"] = "http://localhost:8080"
    os.environ["KESTRA_USER"] = "admin"
    os.environ["KESTRA_PASSWORD"] = "admin"
    flow = Flow()
    flow.execute('mynamespace', 'myflow', {'param': 'value'})
    ```

## Error Handling

The client includes retry logic with exponential backoff for certain HTTP status codes, and raises a `FailedExponentialBackoff` exception if the request fails after multiple retries.

## Kestra Class

### Logging

The `Kestra` class provides a logger that formats logs in JSON format, making it easier to integrate with log management systems.

```python
from kestra import Kestra

Kestra.logger().info("Hello, world!")
```

### Outputs

> The `Kestra` class provides a method to send outputs to the Kestra server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Kestra` class provides a method to send key-value-based outputs to the Kestra server. If you want to output large objects, write them to a file and specify them within the `outputFiles` property of the Python script task.
```

Author: updated in next push, thank you 😸

```python
Kestra.outputs({"my_output": "my_value"})
```

### Counters

> The `Kestra` class provides a method to send counters to the Kestra server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Kestra` class provides a method to send counter metrics to the Kestra server.
```

Nitpick, just might be nice to clarify those are metrics 👍

Author: updated in next push, thank you 😸

```python
Kestra.counter("my_counter", 1)
```

### Timers

> The `Kestra` class provides a method to send timers to the Kestra server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Kestra` class provides a method to send timer metrics to the Kestra server.
```

Author: updated in next push, thank you 😸
